---
layout: documentation
title:  "PEAKS Reports"
author: "Jason Sylvestre"
date:   2019-02-07 10:25:17
category: "peaks"
tags: "faq"
permalink: /faq/peaks/reports
display-tag: Application Development
---

# Reports:
There are currently three main reports
* Expiring Items
* Supervisor's Direct Reports
* Items Pending Acceptance

## Expiring Items
The expiring items report is a useful place to go to see a summary of the items that are expiring before a particular date. It defaults to 2 days from now and all items you have access to.
Depending on your access, you can filter this to just show Access, Key, Equipment, or workstations.
Once you change any of the filters, click refresh report.
The information can be sorted by clicking on the column headings (shift click allows sorting on multiple columns).
You may search for any information in the displayed table.
The Details link for a row will bring you to that items page where you can further act on it. For example, extend the expiration date or revoke access.

## Supervisor's Direct Reports
The Supervisor's Direct Report is available to anyone in the team with an admin role.
If the Select Supervisor drop down does not have any choices, it is because no users have been added/edited to have a supervisor in the People asset.
Select the supervisor you want the find all persons that are supervised and click refresh report.
The details link will bring you to that person's page were more details can be seen.

## Items Pending Acceptance Report
The Items Pending Acceptance report is a useful place to go to see a summary of the items that have not been accepted (confirmed accepted) by the user. It will list items which you have admin access to. So if you are only the key admin you will not see equipment or workstations that are pending acceptance.
Depending on your access, you can filter this to just show Key, Equipment, or Workstations.
The information can be sorted by clicking on the column headings (shift click allows sorting on multiple columns).
You may search for any information in the displayed table.
The Details link for a row will bring you to that items page where you can further act on it. For example, revoke access.
